hello people is a slimming ours one here
doing commute or a review of Tamas
wielding this mod my stuttering just
ignore the epilepsy so I've done many
textures for this movie respond is
basically based around surviving spikes
a little glitchy ignore that I not on
the text from tomahawk I have to admit
that for many things i'll tell you what
i do not have basically it's centered
around having a more survivalist
wilderness feel to mine and so the first
item on our list is the tunnel knock i'm
appreciating it this does you right
click on things you want dead or at
least horribly mean well that's the
deadly trap I did the texture for a bit
tamo never used that Thomas
let's find something to
make have a very bad day turns into
arrows I'm not entirely sure why I'm
complacently see the trapping recipe
right there 13 days tell Ernie okay I'm
doing the video now so this right here
is the spikes i also need a texture for
this i'm thinking rather good-looking
you can see the crafting recipe i'm not
entirely sure the exact amount of damage
minus the deadly trap requires spikes to
make dead or just as you saw with that
poor i can't remember what animal was
does matter obviously it's dead so you
know that works there no interesting
another thing we have is obviously i
have to look because I don't
idea I've particles turned off so this
may not work was fun the nearest animal
preferably one
so here is the rare and illustrious
desert pig as you can see nothing
happened i have my particles turned off
but blood is supposed to come out watch
someone else's video for the blood it's
not here
obviously that's not dating here's the
pocket knife it currently only does one
thing and for some reason it I can't get
it to do that one thing the texture is
all fine and dandy because I made it
here is the camouflage floor so you
basically what happens I've got walk
along off of the floor and I get trapped
with all these pigs and one chicken
little thing it breaks and drops the
block when it comes in contact with
basically anything
oh no seriously Ernie settled on was
doing then we have the rope i used to
pay redstone it's glitching badly as
soon as that's for later I'm going to
not answer Ernie here's the bait spike
you can see the recipe right there
basically what it does a mob has a
chance of moving towards it depending on
what is inside the bait spike what is
there any have to say ok basically we
used to attract animals i put in a why
not near or round and hit with spikes
bottom Oh ruins people's days obviously
is another one spice at the bottom if I
weren't and creative I would be taking
damage spikes are a little glitchy as
you can see I'm bouncing around on them
for some arbitrary reason here's the
campfire I alternate the texture for
that after the crowd basically the
campfire can be used to cook basically
anything from what I see with would only
would it nothing else will work
work as to who would can be used to cook
I don't know this mutton perhaps let's
see so the muddler it's basically a new
meat that was added for mod sheep drop
the mutton
sweet fruit to cook
button
obviously the things like the tomahawk
or complete work on progress I will be
doing textures and possibly sounds for
this later I'll get to that spike block
which I'm disappointed to say I can't
get to work at all I've no idea how to
use it and the forum gives me almost no
information about involved I dislike the
test for that so I make a new texting
right also you can't fire did it just
eject
oh I guess it didn't I thought I hit
ejected the food out
now basically this just adds what you
see there may be more content in the
future I consult often with continental
Thomas mr. apparently hard-to-pronounce
name is everything really seems to
pronounce his name incorrectly all the
sudden I feel as if I'm pronouncing them
incorrectly so there's that be pissed
off the night because we have brightness
I know how long this with you is I'll
probably deal with zero edited in all
and have an extremely long video lets us
handle is I don't know if there's a worm
well oh goody that works okay goodbye
everybody